DateRangeBox: Add Getting Started with DateRangeBox guide (#5041)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DateRangeBox/00 Getting Started with DateRangeBox/15 Set the Initial Date Range Values.md

> To display the initially selected date range, implement the [startDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#startDate) and [endDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#endDate) properties. Alternatively, you can specify the start and end dates in the array of the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#value) property. In this tutorial, the range is equal to one week and starts from the current date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify a date range selected at startup, use the [startDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#startDate) and [endDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#endDate) properties. You can also assign an array with start and end dates to the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#value) property. The following code sets the range to a week that starts on the current date.
```

        components: {
            DxDateRangeBox
        },
        data() {
            return {
                startDate: new Date(),
                endDate: new Date(new Date().setDate(new Date().getDate() + 7)),
            }
        }
    }
    </script>

    <!-- tab: App.vue (Composition API) -->
    <template>
        <DxDateRangeBox ...
            :start-date="startDate"
            :end-date="endDate"
        />
    </template>

    <script setup>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { DxDateRangeBox } from 'devextreme-vue/date-range-box';

    const startDate = new Date();
    const endDate = new Date(new Date().setDate(new Date().getDate() + 7));
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { DateRangeBox } from 'devextreme-react/date-range-box';

    const startDate = new Date();
    const endDate = new Date(new Date().setDate(new Date().getDate() + 7));
 
    export default function App() { 
        return (
            <DateRangeBox ...
                startDate={startDate}
                endDate={endDate}
            />
        );
    }

---

> In the next step, we will specify labels for the start date and end date input fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step specifies labels for the start date and end date input fields.
```
